Libskynet structure (#191)
SkynetLabs/skynet-kernel: libs/README.md

minimal library that provides all core functionality for basic Skynet and
kernel interactions, and for all basic module behaviors.

##### libskynet

libskynet is a library for people working with the actual Skynet protocol. Most
developers will not need to use libskynet, but it is used heavily thorughout
the kernel itself, and in the core skynet modules.

NOTE: There is discussion around breaking libskynet into libskynet and
libskynetapi, with the libskynetapi functions being all of the functions that
perform actual network calls. It is not certain yet whether this is a desirable
spit. If the api calls are pulled out into their own library, libskynet becomes
fully isomorphic.

##### libskynetnode

libskynetnode is a library that implements skynet API calls using nodejs
libraries. There is no isomorphic support for the 'fetch' call, and we elected
to break the node functions out into their own library rather than use
polyfills. Most of the functionality of libskynetnode comes from libskynet, as
most functions in libskynet are isomorphic.

## Code Conventions

All libraries should be written in typescript.

> Consts should always be all caps with underscores: `EXAMPLE_CONST`

Reviewer: There's a difference between javascript `const` and a constant that most people are used to. Usually constants are used to define some configuration, setting or a pre computed number that a developer wants to use as a variable to make the code verbose - those usually are all caps underscode like `SECONDS_IN_HOUR` or `MAX_RETRIES`. The other thing is javascript `const` keyword that indicates that the variable assigned should not change (be overwritten) throughout the scope. Those replaced regular `var` keyword couple of years ago along with `let`.

Author: what should this say instead?

> Types should always be prefixed by `t_`

Reviewer: Not sure what's the benefit there? How would that look like? Is there any other library you know doing similar thing?

> Types should always be prefixed by `t_`

Reviewer 2: I don't quite like this. We should adopt commonly used conventions instead of coming up with our own.
Examples:
* https://google.github.io/styleguide/tsguide.html#identifiers
* https://github.com/basarat/typescript-book/blob/master/docs/styleguide/styleguide.md#type

Functions should not throw under any circumstances. All potential throws should

> be caught inside of the function, and an error should be returned instead.

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this convention, it's highly irregular in javascript ecosystem and will be an entry barrier for devs to read or contribute to the code.

Author: multiple return values are now well supported by the tooling, I don't think it'll be that big of a deal for most people to stop worrying about throws

Promises should always resolve. If the promise can experience an error, then

> the promise should resolve with an error type that can be checked.

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of this convention, it's highly irregular in javascript ecosystem and will be an entry barrier for devs to read or contribute to the code.

minimal library that provides all core functionality for basic Skynet and
kernel interactions, and for all basic module behaviors.

##### libskynet

libskynet is a library for people working with the actual Skynet protocol. Most
developers will not need to use libskynet, but it is used heavily thorughout
the kernel itself, and in the core skynet modules.

NOTE: There is discussion around breaking libskynet into libskynet and
libskynetapi, with the libskynetapi functions being all of the functions that
perform actual network calls. It is not certain yet whether this is a desirable
spit. If the api calls are pulled out into their own library, libskynet becomes
fully isomorphic.

##### libskynetnode

libskynetnode is a library that implements skynet API calls using nodejs
libraries. There is no isomorphic support for the 'fetch' call, and we elected
to break the node functions out into their own library rather than use
polyfills. Most of the functionality of libskynetnode comes from libskynet, as
most functions in libskynet are isomorphic.

## Code Conventions

All libraries should be written in typescript.

Constants should always be all caps with underscores: `EXAMPLE_CONST`

> Functions should always use a lowerCase naming format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions, variables and object properties should always use a camelCase naming format.
```
